CIV	1	Mary's exam was about to start. Her palms were sweaty. 
CIV	2	Laura got a lot of mail today. Some of her friends had remembered her birthday.
CIV	3	Sometimes a truck drives by the house. The dishes start to rattle.
CIV	4	The lights have been on since last night. The car doesn't start.
CIV	5	Susan felt her baby's forehead with her palm. She begged her family doctor to come at once.
CIV	6	Bob was looking forward to the long holiday. He turned on the TV for a weather report.
CIV	7	Sharon's car was totally wrecked last week. She went to the bank hoping to get a loan.
CIV	8	Cathy worked very hard and became exhausted. She was carried unconscious to the hospital. 
CIV	9	A dog ran toward a little girl eating ice cream. She was knocked down and shouted for her mother. 
CIV	10	Jane skipped her English class every now and then. She began to worry about her final exam.
CIV	11	Vicky was planning her first trip to Europe. She put her favorite bathing suit in her bag.
CIV	12	Dick tripped over a chair and hit his head. A mirror fell down and shattered on the floor. 
CIV	13	The Senator wanted to practice corporate law. He decided not to run for re-election.
CIV	14	Joey got angry at his brother in a game. The next day his body was covered with bruises.
CIV	15	The rain storm was approaching the city. The papers on the desk blew off onto the floor.
CIV	16	Greg was working too hard to have enough rest. His driving became more dangerous each day.
CIV	17	Lisa commuted to her office an hour each way. She opened the paper to look at the apartment listing.
CIV	18	Richard remembered it was a big day for Karen. He spent the whole day shopping for a present.
CIV	19	Jerry read the copy of his manuscript. The next day he yelled at his secretary.
CIV	20	Cleo brushed against a table with a vase on it. The water spilled onto the expensive carpet.
CIV	21	Mary's exam was about to start. Some friends had remembered her birthday.
CIV	22	The lights have been on since last night. He turned on the TV for a weather report.
CIV	23	Bob was looking forward to the long holiday. He begged his family doctor to come at once.
CIV	24	Sharon's car was totally wrecked last week. She was knocked down and shouted for her mother
CIV	25	Allen told his mother that he had a car accident. She began to worry about her final exam.
CIV	26	A dog ran toward a little girl eating ice cream. She went to the bank hoping to get a loan. 
CIV	27	Jane skipped her English class every now and then. She got upset and began to cry suddenly. 
CIV	28	Bart sat next to a pretty girl in his class. She was carried unconscious to a hospital. 
CIV	29	Vicky was planning her first trip to Europe. A mirror fell down and shattered on the floor.
CIV	30	Dick tripped over a chair and hit his head. He decided not to run for re-election. 
CIV	31	Tony had a fight with his friend near a pond. His driving became more dangerous each day.
CIV	32	The rain storm was approaching the city. The next day the boy's body was covered with bruises.
CIV	33	"Bill considered various high-tech careers. He walked home, soaking wet, to change his clothes."
CIV	34	Ed wanted to leave his father's business. He decided not to go out with him any more.
CIV	35	Ann had been absent from school for weeks. The papers on the desk blew off onto the floor.
CIV	36	Greg was working too hard to have enough rest. He spent the whole day shopping for a present.
CIV	37	Ellen was not able to eat breakfast before work. She had a heated discussion until midnight.
CIV	38	Lisa commuted to her office an hour each way. The water spilled onto the expensive carpet.
CIV	39	"Jerry read the copy of his manuscript. Frantically, he searched through the medicine cabinet."
CIV	40	Cleo brushed against a table with a vase on it. She decided to study harder to catch up.