DV	1	"Henry is sitting at his desk and watching TV, and reluctantly switches off the TV with the remote control and picks up a textbook. Shortly after, his mother comes in the room and asks, ""What have you been doing up here?"" Henry responds: ""Reading."" Why has Henry responded in such a way?"
DV	2	"It's Robert's birthday. Robert dresses very casually. On his birthday, he always receives a tie from Monica. He opens the package and finds a tie.  He says: ""Thanks. Really, I love it."" Why has Robert responded in such a way?"
DV	3	"Dan is playing in the living room. He brushes against his mother's vase. The vase falls down on the floor and breaks. When Dan's mother comes home, she asks Dan: ""What happened to my vase?"" Dan says, ""The dog knocked it over."" Why has Dan responded in such a way?"
DV	4	"Peter's mother wants them to start eating healthier, and tells him that they will eat boiled sprouts tonight. Peter tells his mother: ""I don't think I can eat, I have a terrible stomach-ache."" Why has Peter responded in such a way?"
DV	5	"Today is Mandy's birthday. Her aunt has a big box with her and Mandy feels sure it will contain a pet rabbit for her. But when she opens it, she finds a fish bowl with a goldfish. When her aunt asks her whether she likes the gift, Mandy says: ""It's just what I wanted!"" Why has Mandy responded in such a way?"
DV	6	"Marika baked an apple pie today. She spent the whole afternoon in the kitchen trying to follow the recipe, and told her friend Lars about the time it took. Marika gives Lars a piece of her pie. Lars takes a big bite but doesn't finish the slice. Later in the day, Marika asks: ""Do you like my apple pie?"", Lars says: ""Oh, yes, it was really tasty."" Why has Lars responded in such a way?"
DV	7	"It was Christmas Eve, and Sally was in her bedroom. She overheard her mother talking about picking up Sally's computer at the Apple store earlier that day. The next morning the family opened their Christmas presents. After Sally opened her present, her mother asked her, ""Sally, are you surprised?"" Sally answered, ""Yes, I had no idea I was going to get a MacBook!"" Why has Sally responded in such a way?"
DV	8	"Oscar had tickets to see a hockey game with his buddies, so he called in sick at work. At the game, Oscar was having so much fun that he didn't notice his boss sitting a few rows behind him. The next day at work, the boss called Oscar into his office. He asked Oscar, ""Did you get a lot of rest yesterday?"" Oscar replied, ""Yes, the day of bed rest cured me."" Why has Oscar responded in such a way?"
DV	9	"It's Ed's birthday and he is an avid rollerblader. He mentioned to his aunt that his rollerblades have gotten quite worn out. When he opens his birthday gift from her, he finds a pair of socks. Ed says to his aunt, ""Thank you for such a great gift."" Why has Ed responded like this?"
DV	10	"Hiroshi and Taro are very close friends and they usually play together. Taro takes very good care of all his toys. One day Hiroshi was careless and broke Taro's remote control car. Taro said to Hirosho, ""Don't worry about it, I don't care."" Why has Taro responded like this?"
DV	11	"Katie, John's wife, just got a new haircut that she is really excited about. John has been avoiding the topic. Katie finally asks John if he likes her new style. John responds, ""It looks great!"" Why has John responded like this?"
DV	12	"One night at a party Lucy and her best friend Mary are talking with some acquaintances.  Mary tells a long story to a group of people and a few of them smile. Afterwards, Mary asks Lucy whether she thought her joke was funny. Lucy says, ""Of course, you know I think you're funny!"" Why has Lucy responded like this?"
DV	13	"Jim and his roommate Mike are taking a course together. Mike tells him he is stressed about giving his first presentation. Afterwards Jim feels very confused about the content because of how scattered it was. After class Mike asks Jim whether it went badly. Jim answers, ""No, definitely not."" Why has Jim responded like this?"
DV	14	"One day Jane comes home and is delighted to find her partner Anthony straightening up her apartment. Jane notices that Anthony threw out lots of things which were creating clutter, including an old photo that she had always kept on the coffee table. Anthony is worried that something is troubling Jane and asks if anything is wrong. Jane answers, ""Everything is fine, dear. You did a great job of cleaning the apartment."" Why has Jane responded like this?"
DV	15	"After telling her partner Bob that she has been craving donuts for several days, Alice wakes up very early to visit her favorite cafe. There, she finds two different varieties of donuts, has one of each, and leaves feeling satisfied. She returns home where her husband Bob has surprised her by making homemade donuts. He says to her, ""Do you want some? She replies, ""Yes, that's exactly what I'm craving right now!"""
DV	16	"Brianna was deciding between her favorite takeout restaurants when her partner Derek invites her over to his house for dinner for the third time this week. Derek tells her excitedly that his mom cooked her special spaghetti recipe and is eager to have her taste it again.  Brianna responds: ""I am looking forward to it."" Why has Brianna responded like this?"
DV	17	"Samantha and her partner Andy are having a conversation about their relationship. In the past, the two of them had some difficulties, but for the last few months things have been absolutely great. Andy tells Samantha that even when things were not going well, breaking up was never an option for him. He asks if Samantha had ever considered ending the relationship. Although she is currently very happy in the relationship, in the past she had considered ending the relationship several times. Samantha says, ""Of course not, I have never considered breaking up with you."" Why has Samantha responded like this?"
DV	18	"Betty's partner needs to have his wisdom teeth removed, which Betty remembers was painful for her. Her partner is often anxious about medical matters. The night before his appointment, he tells Betty that he heard that the procedure can be painful. He asks Betty what her experience was like. She says: ""It wasn't bad at all.""  Why has Betty responded like this?"
DV	19	"Mary sets up a date for her best friend Annie and her brother Mike. They don't talk much during their dinner and Annie is surprised by the way that Mike talks to the waiter. After the date, Mary asks Annie what she thought of her date with Mike. Annie says, ""It was fun!"" Why has Annie responded like this?"
DV	20	"Lisa is taking a class with Mrs. Smith, who is the mother of her best friend Ellie. Mrs. Smith typically lectures from the textbook to the class, and gives difficult multiple-choice exams. One day Ellie asks Lisa what she thinks about the class that her mom teaches. Lisa responds: ""She is an awesome teacher.""  Why has Lisa responded like this?"