ISV	1	Paul has to go to an interview and he's running late. While he's cleaning his shoes he says to his wife, Jane, "I want to wear that blue shirt, but it's very creased". What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	2	Cindy wanted to paint a picture. She got her paints, paper and brushes ready. She has a meeting to go to in 10 minutes. Her dad said to her, "I am not sure that now is the best time for painting." What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	3	Cindy asked her mom to take her to the movies. Her mom responds, "Your little brother's toys are all over the house. I don't have time to clean up." What might she be trying to convey?
ISV	4	Matt was telling Cindy about a scary movie that he saw. Cindy was listening to him for a while and then responded, "Can we talk about something else?" What might she be trying to convey?
ISV	5	Cindy and Matt had been good friends for a long time. Recently Cindy started teasing Matt a lot every day. He got mad and said, "My friends do not say hurtful things to me." What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	6	The boys were playing around. Dan accidentally tripped Scott. Scott got very angry about falling. Dan said: "Everybody's being wild." What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	7	Kate brought some cookies to school. Matt has a sweet tooth. He says, "Your cookies smell delicious. They must be really tasty." What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	8	The teacher said that she was feeling sick today and asked the kids to work in groups quietly. Matt kept talking loudly with his friends. The teacher said, "Matt, I think you are being unfair to me now." What might she be trying to convey?
ISV	9	Cindy was having a slumber party with two of her friends. It was very late, but they kept talking and laughing. Her dad came in and said, "I would like to go to bed but it is too loud in here." What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	10	Chad and Matt were walking. The sidewalk was being fixed and there was lots of shattered glass on the sidewalk. Matt was not paying attention to the sidewalk. Chad said, "I guess you like walking on shattered glass." What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	11	Richard is driving his wife home from church. On the way home they want to stop at a new gourmet grocery store at 2401 Main Street. It is in a part of town that they are not familiar with. Richard points at a building and asks his wife: "Can you see that house number?" What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	12	It has been a hot day. Juan's wife is leaving the house and says to him, "Can you water the lawn?'' What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	13	A house painter is carrying a heavy tray of paints. A small ladder is blocking the sidewalk and the painter cannot get around it. He calls out to his brother: "Can you move the ladder?"  What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	14	Brad is interested in basketball and wants to join his school's basketball team. One day he comes to the basketball court and asks the players there: "Do you think I can play basketball with you?" What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	15	Jane is watching TV while her mom is cooking dinner in the kitchen. The doorbell rings. Jane's mother says: "Someone is at the door". What might she be trying to convey?
ISV	16	Adam and Bill are working together on a project. Adam decides to take a break, and opens a window. A cold breeze blows in. Bill says, "I am getting cold." What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	17	Mark invited Josh to his house to watch a football game. Josh brings a six-pack of beer with him. Josh picks up one bottle, examines it and then says to Mark: "Hmm, this isn't a twist off." What might he be trying to convey?
ISV	18	Natalie returns home to find that her partner, Alex, created a big mess on the table. Natalie says: "Alex, my parents are going to be here any minute" What might she be trying to convey?
ISV	19	Nate is about to leave the house. His wife points at a full bag of garbage and asks: "Are you going out?" What might she be trying to convey?
ISV	20	Sam is sunning himself on the porch. Peter comes out of the house and forgets to close the screen door. Sam says, "Peter, there are many flies and mosquitoes outside." What might he be trying to convey?