1	"Bob is having a lunch meeting with his boss, Mr. James. Mr. James asks Bob: ""Did you like the presentation that I gave at the board meeting yesterday?"" Bob responds: ""I cannot wait for our trip to Japan next week."" Why has Bob responded like this?"
2	"Richard came to visit his friend, Alex. Alex is an artist. Richard brought one of his artworks to Alex and asked Alex: ""What do you think of my painting?"" Alex responds, ""Have you noticed that I painted the walls?"" Why has Alex responded like this?"
3	"Leslie and Jane are chatting at a coffee shop. Leslie asks, ""Who was that man that I saw you with last night?"" Jane responds, ""The latte is unbelievable here."" Why has Jane responded like this?"
4	"Kelsey is in a bad mood. Every minor thing irritates her. When she sees her husband watching a football game, she yells: ""Can you turn off the TV?"" Her husband replies: ""Beer and chips would be awesome. Thanks!"" Why has Kelsey's husband responded like this?"
5	"Mark is discussing Jane, a senior financial manager who he hired, with his colleague John. Mark asks: ""How is Jane managing her new position?"" Mark says: ""She has excellent handwriting and is always dressed so nicely."" Why has Mark responded like this?"
6	"Lucy discusses her trip to Paris with her mom. Lucy says: ""I'd like to visit Vincent when I am in Paris. Where does he live?"" Her mom responds: ""Somewhere in France."" Why has Lucy's mom responded like this?"
7	"Luke missed a wedding reception and wants his wife Melanie to tell him about it. He asks: ""What were you served at the wedding?"" She responds: ""Some food."" Why has Melanie responded like this?"
8	"Mary and Ken are having breakfast. Ken asks Mary: ""How would you like your tea, dear?"" Mary responds, ""In a cup."" Why has Mary responded like this?"
9	"George and Cindy are about to enter their favorite shoe shop in the mall. George asks Cindy: ""What would you like to buy?"" Cindy responds: ""A pair of shoes."" Why has Cindy responded like this?"
10	"Mike comes home from school. His mom asks him: ""What did you do at school today?"" Mike responds: ""some schoolwork."" Why has Mike responded like this?"
11	"Mark, who is a newlywed, is talking to his mom over the phone. His mom asks: ""Did Julie cook your dinner last night?"" Mark responds: ""Well, she placed a number of edible substances into a pot and then heated them until various chemical reactions took place."" Why has Mark responded like this?"
12	"Lenny comes to the kitchen and asks his wife, Marcie: ""What will we have for breakfast?"" Marcie responds: ""A hard-boiled egg cooked in hot water and toast that is toasted evenly on both sides."" Why has Marcie responded in such a way?"
13	"Paul, a theater critique, was asked to comment on the performance of one of the actresses. He said: ""Miss Smith produced a series of sounds that corresponded closely with the score of Home Sweet Home."" Why has Paul responded like this?"
14	"Mike and Melissa are arguing about the state of secondary education in their state. Mike states: ""Standardized test scores are up 42% in our schools."" Melissa responds: ""And 47% of the kids didn't use the right pencil, 6% were chewing gum during the exam, and 32% yawned while completing their exams."" Why has Melissa responded like this?"
15	"Rosy notes to her friend Dan: ""Those strangers at the other end of the subway car are nice."" Dan replies: ""Yeah, I bet they have only sweet dreams, eat organic food, do yoga every morning, plant trees, feed homeless, and read a lot of good books."" Why has Dan responded like this?"
16	"Berta often forgets to return money that she borrows from her friends. One day Berta asks her friend Freddie for $500. Freddie responds: ""Of course, but only when I fly to space."" Why has Freddie responded like this?"
17	"Lars and Katy are discussing their CEO. Lars says: ""People regard our CEO Mr. Smith as a real intellectual."" Katy responds: ""Sure, he is regarded as an intellectual by kindergarteners."" Why has Katy responded like this?"
18	"Samantha is talking with her dad about her fiance. Samantha notes: ""John is an innocent person."" Her dad replies: ""Undoubtedly, as innocent as a saint."" Why has Samantha's dad responded like this?"
19	"Lenny is saying goodbye to his date Bianka. Lenny asks Bianka: ""Where do you live?"" Bianka responds: ""I live on the moon."" Why has Bianka responded like this?"
20	"Annie and Kelly are discussing their plans for summer. Annie asks Kelly: ""How many books do you plan to read this summer?"" Kelly responds: ""A million."" Why has Kelly responded like this?"