MPV	1	"Mary was asked about the town that she has just moved to. Mary responded: ""This town is a chimney."" What does Mary mean?"
MPV	2	"Mike said to his expectant wife: ""Our baby is a lovebird's egg."" What did Mike mean?"
MPV	3	"Andrew and Bob were discussing the investment company where Andrew works. Bob said: ""The investors are squirrels collecting nuts."" What does Bob mean?"
MPV	4	"Mark asked his mom what she thought about his new girlfriend. She replied: ""This young lady is 100% polyester."" What does she mean?"
MPV	5	"Mary said to her husband: ""Our kids are pieces of taffy."" What did she mean? "
MPV	6	"Mark saw a lady at the party and said to his friend: ""This lady's jewels are bursting stars."" What did Mark mean?"
MPV	7	"Ben was telling his friend about the fashion show that he attended. He said: ""This model was the blue canary at the show."" What did Ben mean? "
MPV	8	"Mary said to her granddaughter: ""The queen is our nation's aunt."" What did Mary mean?"
MPV	9	"Abby and Kyle were walking along the promenade one night, and they saw a couple smiling at each other. Abby noted: ""This sunset sings to the lovers."" What did Abby mean?"
MPV	10	"Jessica was giving a talk that her mom attended. After the talk, Jessica's mom called her husband and said: ""Jessica sailed towards the finish."" What did she mean?"
MPV	11	"Jody and Mark were discussing their daughter's behavior. Mark said: ""She is walking all over her brothers."" What did Mark mean?"
MPV	12	"During a business meeting, the general manager of the company said to the financial manager: ""The new accountant that you hired is a juggler."" What did the general manager mean? "
MPV	13	"Ken was telling his friend about his shopping experience on Black Friday. Ken said: ""The store that I went to was a jungle."" What did Ken mean?"
MPV	14	"Janet was telling her friend about the show that she saw last night. Janet said: ""The dancers were butterflies."" What did Janet mean?"
MPV	15	"Caitlyn was telling her husband about her new co-worker. Caitlyn said: ""Sally is a block of ice."" What did she mean?"
MPV	16	"Robert and his wife are discussing their neighbor. Robert said: ""Our neighbor is a sheep."" What did Robert mean?  "
MPV	17	"Lucy told her teacher: ""The book that you gave me has more holes in it than Swiss cheese."" What did Lucy mean?"
MPV	18	"The teacher told Sam: ""You have too much on your plate."" What did the teacher mean?"
MPV	19	"Melissa was discussing a new sales manager, who was hired a couple of days ago: ""She is a babe in the woods."" What did Melissa mean?"
MPV	20	"John told his fiance: ""You are the tomato sauce to my pasta."" What did John mean?"